Docs: Update backend architecture contributor documentation (#51172)
grafana/grafana: contribute/architecture/backend/communication.md

Grafana uses a _bus_ to pass messages between different parts of the application. All communication over the bus happens synchronously.

## Commands and queries

Grafana structures arguments to [services](services.md) using a command/query
separation where commands are instructions for a mutation and queries retrieve
records from a service.

Services should define their methods as `func[T, U any](ctx context.Context, args T) (U, error)`

> or `func[T, U any](ctx context.Context, args T) U` for infallible methods

Reviewer: > infallible methods

I don't understand this. 

In general, an example method might help

Author: I've changed the language to be more Go-centric.

I think I can squeeze in an example method here before merge, since we had that before and it could be considered a regression that we don't do now.

> or `func[T, U any](ctx context.Context, args T) U` for infallible methods

Author: ```suggestion
or `func[T, U any](ctx context.Context, args T) U` for methods that doesn't return errors
```
